add more knex processor documentation (#205)
ebryn/jsonapi-ts: README.md

It receives a single argument, `options`, which is passed to the `Knex` constructor. See the [Knex documentation](https://knexjs.org/#Installation-client) for detailed examples.

> Apart from the operations, this processor has some other methods, that operations use (so tread carefully here), that you can use while making custom operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the operation handlers, this processor has some other methods that you can use while making custom operations. Note that all operations use these functions, so tread carefully here if you're interested in overriding them.
```

> | Method    | functionality                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Method    | Description                                        |
```

| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |

> | `getQuery`| The common method to start a SQL request, starting with the table of the resource of the processor |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `getQuery` | Returns an instance of [Knex.QueryBuilder](https://knexjs.org/#Builder), scoped to the table specified by `tableName` (the processor resource's data source) |
```

> | `tableName`     | Returns the table name of the resource of the processor                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tableName`     | Returns the table name for the resource handled by the processor                     |
```

> Using these two methods and the normal [knex functions](https://knexjs.org), you can extend however you want a processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using these two methods and the standard [Knex functions](https://knexjs.org/#Builder-wheres), you can extend a processor anyway you want to.
```
